adjust for current reality wrt. wide raw pointers (#162)
rust-lang-nursery/nomicon: src/what-unsafe-does.md

Unlike C, Undefined Behavior is pretty limited in scope in Rust. All the core
language cares about is preventing the following things:

* Dereferencing (using the `*` operator on) dangling or unaligned pointers (see below)
* Breaking the [pointer aliasing rules][]

> * Calling a function with the wrong call ABI (in particular, with the wrong unwind ABI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Calling a function with the wrong call ABI or wrong unwind ABI.
```

    * a null `fn` pointer
    * a `char` outside the ranges [0x0, 0xD7FF] and [0xE000, 0x10FFFF]
    * a `!` (all values are invalid for this type)
    * a reference/`Box` that is dangling, unaligned, or points to an invalid value.

>     * a wide reference, `Box` or raw pointer that has invalid metadata:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * a wide reference, `Box`, or raw pointer that has invalid metadata:
```

part of *some* allocation). The span of bytes it points to is determined by the
pointer value and the size of the pointee type. As a consequence, if the span is
empty, "dangling" is the same as "non-null". Note that slices point to their

> entire range, so it's very important that the length metadata is never too large

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
entire range, so it's important that the length metadata is never too large
```

Author: FWIW I think "very" is much more in line with the style of the Nomicon. But I am too lazy to argue...
